Improve error message by displaying group name (#110)
yiisoft/config: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.1 under development

> - Enh #110: Improve the error message by displaying the group name that the error occurred when merging (devanych)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enh #110: Improve the error message by displaying a name of the group where the error occurred when merging (devanych)
```
